PORT-14987 Bug Merge the Service now record interaction and incident deletion guide into one (#2456)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/guides/all/interact-with-servicenow.md

# Interact with ServiceNow records

> This guide demonstrates how to implement a self-service action that interacts with any ServiceNow record and delete ServiceNow incidents directly from Port using **synced webhooks**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide demonstrates how to implement self-service actions that interact with any ServiceNow record and delete ServiceNow incidents directly from Port using **synced webhooks**.
```

> You will learn how to create, update and delete records and delete incidents in ServiceNow without leaving the Port UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
